I'm really excited for you to get to the project phase of this course.
You're going to learn an immense amount in a short period of
time and you're going to get to prove your mastery in all of it at once,
in one cohesive project.
Here's the scene, you've been hired by UdaPeople,
an innovative company with a revolutionary concept in human resources,
which promises to help small businesses care
better for their most valuable resource, their people.
The success of their product depends on
quick releases in a rock solid, high-quality product.
In this course, I'm going to teach you the skills that you need to make sure
UdaPeople has the chance to release their innovative product to the world market.
By the end of this course,
you'll be able to explain the fundamentals and benefits of
CICD to achieve build and deploy automation for Cloud-based software products.
You'll be able to utilize deployment strategies to design and
build CICD pipelines that support continuous delivery processes.
You'll utilize a configuration management tool
to accomplish deployment to Cloud-based servers,
and you'll surface critical errors for diagnosis using
centralized structured logging and much more.